OSDOCS-17165-graceful-shutdown CQA (#117010)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/graceful-cluster-shutdown.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Shut down your cluster gracefully for planned maintenance or a temporary pause. A supported shutdown procedure preserves cluster state so you can restart the cluster later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shut down your cluster gracefully for planned maintenance or a temporary pause. Performing a graceful shutdown preserves cluster state so you can restart the cluster later.
```
